Clarify required check for skipped jobs using 'needs' (#32064)
github/docs: content/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/collaborating-on-repositories-with-code-quality-features/troubleshooting-required-status-checks.md

If, however, a job within a workflow is skipped due to a conditional, it will report its status as "Success". For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/using-jobs/using-conditions-to-control-job-execution)."

> A job that is skipped because any dependent job listed with `needs` has failed, will not be reported as a failed check. A pull request that requires this check will be allowed to be merged.  To use a required check on a job that depends on other jobs, use the `always()` in addition to `needs`, see "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/using-jobs/using-jobs-in-a-workflow#defining-prerequisite-jobs)."
> 

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this additional information 💖 

I'm going to make some small updates then this should be okay to merge.

```suggestion
When a job fails, any jobs that depend on the failed job are skipped and do not report a failure. A pull request that requires the check may not be blocked. To use a required check on a job that depends on other jobs, use the `always()` conditional expression in addition to `needs`, see "[AUTOTITLE](/actions/using-jobs/using-jobs-in-a-workflow#defining-prerequisite-jobs)."
```
